all right what's going on everyone
welcome to the channel i'm going to be
breaking down one of my favorite shows
of all time and it's going to be dexter
the show starts out with dexter driving
through a dark miami night
the first words he says are tonight's
the night a little bit of foreshadowing
there
he mentions that
something's gonna happen and it has to
happen again and again
a young boy appears at the front greeted
by an older man who turns around and
smiles appears to be a character that
dexter is interested in as he watches
from afar from his car dexter narrating
the scene says there he is mike donovan
he's the one
implying that
whatever was going to happen again and
again is going to happen to mike donovan
and then he's immediately strangled by
dexter who's sitting in the back seat
dexter has some sort of cable wire
he instructs mike to drive
mike asks who he is what he wants dexter
pretty much says that it's none of his
business and just to do what he says
they arrive to an abandoned location
shows holes dug a shovel
palm trees all around it's a
very creepy setting
somewhere deep in the miami
swamp-like area
dexter grabs mike by the throat gets him
out of the car dexter takes mike into
the abandoned building he's questioning
him telling him to look mike refuses to
open his eyes
the building has some sort of
significance to mike
dexter's telling him to open his eyes
once again he refuses
dexter freaks out grabs him by the
throat tells him to look at his eyes and
see what he did
dexter tells him that he'll cut his eyes
or he'll cut his eyelids directly off
the camera pans out shows the bodies of
a bunch of young boys
mike starts sobbing eventually
confessing to the crimes
pleading for his like
pleading for his life mike asks dexter
to please understand and dexter says he
does understand but it's not the type of
understanding that mike wants to hear
you see dexter tells him that he's a
monster as well but dexter says that he
could never harm children like mike does
dexter tells him he has standards as he
injects him with some sort of paralyzing
serum after cutting mike's cheek open he
takes a drop of blood and places it on a
glass slide mike who is naked and gagged
at this point
laying on a table is essentially
accepted as fate
as dexter takes some sort of hacksaw to
him
after
apparently murdering someone the scene
cuts from
that to dexter on a boat gleefully
driving through the city having a great
time
just
some of the essential parts that make
this such a great show and such a great
pilot
it goes from something so dark to
something so wholesome with dexter just
driving through the cities dexter's
driving through the miami waves on his
boat he kind of has a
memory
of uh talk him and his father had
it gives an insight to dexter's past his
relation to killing and
kind of gives a insight
that killing is a part of dexter's life
it is you know it's something that
it's in him